start.md, before:

# 🚀 快速启动指南

## Windows 用户

### 启动后端
```powershell
# 终端 1
cd backend
python -m venv venv
.\venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

### 启动前端
```powershell
# 终端 2（新开一个）
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Mac/Linux 用户

### 启动后端
```bash
# 终端 1
cd backend
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

### 启动前端
```bash
# 终端 2（新开一个）
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

## 访问应用

- **前端应用**: http://localhost:3000
- **后端 API**: http://localhost:8000
- **API 文档**: http://localhost:8000/docs

## 注意事项

1. 确保 Python 3.8+ 和 Node.js 16+ 已安装
2. 先启动后端，再启动前端
3. 端口 8000 和 3000 不要被占用
4. 后端会自动创建 `backend/todos.db` 数据库文件

## 测试 API

后端启动后，可以访问 http://localhost:8000/docs 测试所有 API 接口。

Commit message:

Translate all MD file contents to English

start.md, after:

# 🚀 Quick Start Guide

## Windows Users

### Start Backend
```powershell
# Terminal 1
cd backend
python -m venv venv
.\venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

### Start Frontend
```powershell
# Terminal 2 (open a new one)
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Mac/Linux Users

### Start Backend
```bash
# Terminal 1
cd backend
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

### Start Frontend
```bash
# Terminal 2 (open a new one)
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Access the Application

- **Frontend**: http://localhost:3000
- **Backend API**: http://localhost:8000
- **API Documentation**: http://localhost:8000/docs

## Notes

1. Ensure Python 3.8+ and Node.js 16+ are installed
2. Start the backend first, then start the frontend
3. Make sure ports 8000 and 3000 are not occupied
4. The backend will automatically create the `backend/todos.db` database file

## Test API

After the backend starts, you can visit http://localhost:8000/docs to test all API interfaces.
